so listen the radio right now and this
commercial came on by lat been and right
away the lady started saying let's face
it that being fat or overweight
it isn't attractive and it's not healthy
and so on and so forth just degrading
fat people right off the bat and I was
and I just I couldn't believe it right
first of all first of all I understand
that being overweight like being
especially being extremely overweight is
not healthy
you could have heart problems you end up
having a heart attack Florence before I
understand that but also being
underweight is not healthy either if
you're not properly a nurse you know
you're not getting your vitamins and
minerals in your diet that can also be
detrimental to your health and when you
have this campaign like that's going on
right now people saying oh it's bad to
be fat it's bad to be fat bad be fat and
then people stop eating that's what
happens people like I'm tired of being
fat you know I don't be fat until they
stop eating and that's not healthy
either but it's kind of beside the point
that's not necessarily what I want to
discuss my what I want to discuss is why
a person's fat I'm gonna go on a
sidetrack for a second a homosexual
people they say you know why would I
choose to be homosexual they're like you
know it's it's frowned upon his society
people hate homosexuals so why would I
choose it you know and they say you know
that they were born with that condition
that makes them homosexual whatever it
may be you know and it's the same thing
with being overweight a lot of people
didn't become overweight just because
they ate a whole bunch alive people like
myself I was fat when I was a little kid
but I was born that way
I was born a little fat kid and when
you're little you don't get a choice so
what what you want to eat here you don't
have decisions like oh I'm gonna eat
more vegetables this and that to try and
lose weight you don't get that choice
you get a play in front of you from your
parents and and they tell you this is
what you're supposed to eat whether it's
from a fast food or from home cooking
you know greasy fried chicken that's not
your choice to eat that's all you have
to eat your parents tell you you eat
this and that's what you do and if your
parents are feeding you stuff that's
keeping you fat you're born fat and your
parents are eating you stuff this
keeping you fat that's not your fault
and so I and the first thing like I
imagine it you know say some
ten year old kid or whatever and they
have to deal with already ignorant kids
in school telling them oh you're just
disgusting and fatness and that and
again it's not your fault not your fault
what you eat what your parents give you
not your fault if you're a born fat and
you have to deal with all the ignorance
then you're in the car with your parents
or whatever and then you hear this
commercial come on and say oh you know
we are let's face it that being fat
that's not attractive I mean can you
imagine the emotional trauma that that
kid has to deal with or just people in
general like I said there's this whole
campaign going around against fat people
and a lot of people you know they try
their hardest a people really try their
hardest to eat better and it's not but
you can't go to the extremes like I said
then you're gonna start being
malnourished and some people it's really
hard to lose weight so for them just to
have the just to come straight out and
be like oh if you're fat yeah you're
just unattractive period that's it no no
first of all first of all that's not
even true there's girls that are
beautiful they're fat or you know little
bit bigger or whatever like Adele that
singer Adele she's gorgeous I think
she's gorgeous and she's she's a little
bit chunkier whatever but she's
beautiful beautiful voice beautiful
looks so I just I just I just can't
believe that they would just try to
stereotype everybody try to stereotype
all fat people as ugly try to degrade
them so you know what fuck you lap band
seriously that's how I feel what I heard
that I'm getting so mad it's just
people people who never had to deal with
being fat people who were born man
people were born skinny who can eat
anything and don't have to worry about
getting fat they just don't know it's
really hard if you're if you're born
overweight it's not your choice of what
your parents gave you and your little
kid and so when you get older you're
addicted to these foods that you've been
fed to since you're a little kid you
know you already have all that weight
you're never able to lose it and it's
not easy and so I'm so mad man it's just
really not a lot a lot of times it's
really not people's fault that they're
overweight you know so fuck them fuck
lap-band I don't care I don't care what
they say about oh uh it makes you
healthier if you know you use our
product than you lose weight no I don't
care I really don't care if you want to
lose weight if you're trying you do you
think but don't use them you do your
little exercise thing or whatever I know
I'm rambling now but I'm just I'm just
oh man just fuck that man seriously you
guys you guys over there lap band you
think that you could just make a
commercial that cuz nobody nobody
protects fat people people say uh make
jokes about fat people on TV and
commercials all the time and nobody
defends them you know you somebody makes
fun of somebody because their skin color
or because they're homeless extra
whatever you know they get people to
defend him but not fat people you know
and like I said people are born fat just
like people were born black and people
are born or almost sexual and people are
born whatever else and I know you
obviously you can't lose being black or
lose being homosexual but it's not all
that easy lose being fat either
especially again when you're born that
way and it's not your choice what you're
being fed to when you're little kids so
I don't know
fuck them don't don't let people tell
you I don't care what your weight is
what your color is
don't let people tell you you're not
attractive just because of how you are
because that it ain't true there's
there's bigger people that are
attractive there's
really skinny people are attractive
whatever your physical conditions just
don't let people tell you that you're
not attractive just because of how
you're born that's one thing that I do
agree with homosexual people you know
that if you're born in a certain way and
it really isn't your fault you know and
a lot of people they try to change
whatever it may be you know a lot of
people who are homosexual they hate
being homosexual like they're just like
a lot be more fat hate me I'm fat but
even in both cases no expression
obviously being homosexual matter what
you try to do you know you can't get rid
of it you're like I hate being this way
because society hates me and you know
being fat you sometimes like man I try
my best and there's just nothing I could
do you know
so don't let ignorant people like that
the grade you are or make you feel down
cuz they're ignorant that's it so
whatever